my name is Jacqueline bush and I'm an
editorial in celebrity hairstylist my
clientele has included Faith Hill Mark
Ruffalo Terrence Howard Gwyneth Paltrow
Jane Krakowski I want to be able to show
you that hair isn't as intimidating or
as hard as you think it is and I want
you to be able to have fun with it and
do what your vision is with your hair so
now I'm going to show you how to put
some flowers in your hair the flowers we
have today are orchids and as you can
see they have pretty thick stems you
have a couple of different options if a
flower has a really thin stem you could
actually just take a bobby pin and
attach that that you know go through
straight through the stem and just push
it on into the hair but if you have a
stem like this which these are the more
challenging ones what you can do is you
can actually ask your florist with
floral tape to wrap this wrap the stem
and stick a bobby pin
but say you're last-minute wanting to do
this and you don't have that option so
what you can do is you could take some
tape and I'm using pretty heavy-duty
tape you can wrap it around that stem
and as I'm wrapping it the very end what
I'm going to do is I'm going to attach a
bobby pin to the stem so again because
the stem is pretty thick we're going to
use a long thicker bobby pin if you were
to use a smaller one which you can use
it's just gonna you have to base it on
the flowers weight and this is a heavier
flower at the flower is too heavy for
the pin that's when you're going to get
that whole jerking effect so due to the
size of this orchid which is quite large
I'm going to use a larger bobby pin and
I'm just going to take that pin slide it
in and then I'm just going to keep
wrapping
let's cut off the extra so now we have
the bobby pin at the base of the stem
here so then what we're going to do is
we're going to decide where we want it
on how are we going to put it on the
side so while you're going to do you're
going to put the bobby pin into your
hair as I showed you before then we're
going to secure that bobby pin with
another bobby pin because remember I
told you like you got to X the pins
there you go
and if you want another option it's
going to show you guys really quick say
you want to wear it up and you want to
take another now we're getting crazy
with the orchids we're going to just
take a hair pin and just secure that
down and then if you still that's done
sticking up and we don't like that we're
just going to stick it down we all I did
was stick that into the hair with
another hair pin it's another way to get
it in there and that's how you get a
flower in your hair